wifi: Add nrf70 debug snippet (#13098)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf70/developing/debugging.rst

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_debugging:

Debugging
#########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This guide describes how to debug applications that use the nRF70 Series companion chips.

Software
********

The scope of this section is limited to the nRF70 driver, WPA supplicant and networking stack.

Enable debug features
=====================

The nRF70 driver, WPA supplicant, and networking stack have debug features that can be enabled to help debug issues.

> You can enable debug features by using Zephyr's configuration snippets :ref:`snippets` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable debug features by using Zephyr's configuration :ref:`snippets` feature.
```

> For example, to build the sample :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` for the nRF7002 DK with debugging enabled, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to build the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample for the nRF7002 DK with debugging enabled, run the following commands:
```

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_debugging:

Debugging
#########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This guide describes how to debug applications that use the nRF70 Series companion chips. It covers the following topics:

Reviewer: Perhaps it is not required, as we do not categorize the document based on these headings.
```suggestion
This guide describes how to debug applications that use the nRF70 Series companion chips.

> - Software
> - Firmware
> - Hardware
> - environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 
```

Software
********

> The scope of this section is limited to the nRF70 driver, WPA supplicant and networking stack.

Reviewer: This can be converted into a Note, perhaps?
```suggestion
The scope of this section is limited to the nRF70 driver, WPA supplicant and networking stack.
```

Enable debug features
=====================

> The nRF70 driver, WPA supplicant and networking stack have debug features that can be enabled to get more information about what is happening in the system. The debug features are enabled by default in the development branch of the nRF Connect SDK.

Reviewer: It would be good if "information about the system" is clarified a bit more.
```suggestion
The nRF70 driver, WPA supplicant, and networking stack have debug features that can be enabled to get more information about the system.
The debug features are enabled by default in the development branch of the |NCS|.
```

> These can be enabled by using Zephyr's configuration snippets feature :ref:`snippets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable debug features by using Zephyr's configuration :ref:`snippets` feature.
```

> For example, to build the sample `samples/wifi/shell` for the nRF7002 DK with debugging enabled, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to build the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample for the nRF7002 DK with debugging enabled, run the following commands:
```
